# What is Encryptbook?
Encryptbook is a way to encrypt/decrypt books, it's not very safe, but it can be decrypted with resource packs, anyone in vanilla using a certain resource pack made for this book can decrypt it and see the content like a normal book, while if they don't have the resource pack they can't see the content.

## What is a profile?

A profile consists of the values used to encrypt or decrypt messages.
Each profile generates a different result, so creating one with different
values from the rest of the FZMM users will prevent them from decrypting
your message. You need to have the same profile as the person you wish to
communicate with; this way, you are communicating on "the same channel",
so to speak.

## How do I decrypt a message?

The easiest way is to select the desired profile and use the "Get decryptor"
option. Then choose "New resource pack" and click "Done". This will prompt
you to select where you want the resource pack saved. After choosing the
location, go to the resource packs screen and activate it.

## How is this possible?

The simplest way to explain it is:

The encryptor is like having 5 cards out of a total of 20, adding randomly missing cards, and then shuffling them.

The decryptor is like going back in time before they were shuffled.

---

What this does when encrypting is:
1. A list of non-repeating numbers in pseudorandom order is created from a seed
2. A text of the same length as the list is inserted, if it is not long enough it is filled with random characters
3. A new text is created from the previously inserted text and the number list (the order is changed according to the one in the number list)
4. The text is encrypted

And to decrypt:
1. A list of non-repeating numbers in pseudorandom order is created from a seed
2. A new text is created from the numbers by making each number refer to an index of the placeholder arguments used by minecraft in languages
3. You insert the text into a minecraft language file with the same translation key with which you encrypted it, preferably the default, en_us.json
4. Now you can decrypt